Add CLA.md (#189)
Preponderous-Software/Beyond-Nations: CLA.md

# Contributor License Agreement

Project: Beyond Nations

Parties:

Contributor
Project Maintainer: Fairfield Programming Association ("FPA")

> Third Party: Preponderous Software ("Preponderous")

Reviewer: Since Preponderous Software isn't a legal entity yet, I want this changed to my full name: "Daniel McCoy Stephenson"

Further, I want to be defined as a "Project Maintainer", the same as the FPA, and I would prefer that my name go first.

Background:

> The Contributor wishes to contribute to the open-source project "Beyond Nations," hosted and maintained by the Fairfield Programming Association (FPA). In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Reviewer: The first sentence should contain both the FPA and myself. 

Suggested change:
```suggestion
The Contributor wishes to contribute to the open-source project "Beyond Nations," hosted and maintained by Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the Fairfield Programming Association (FPA). In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:
```

1. Contribution Grant:

> By submitting code or other materials (the "Contribution") to the Beyond Nations project, the Contributor grants FPA a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, and sublicense the Contribution under the terms of the project's open-source license, which is FPA General Code License. 

Reviewer: Suggested change:

```suggestion
By submitting code or other materials (the "Contribution") to the Beyond Nations project, the Contributor grants Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, modify, distribute, and sublicense the Contribution under the terms of the project's open-source license, which is FPA General Code License. 
```

> 2. Copyright Assignment:
> The Contributor agrees to assign, transfer, and convey all copyrights in the Contribution to the FPA. FPA shall have the exclusive right to modify, distribute, sublicense, and commercialize the Contribution as it sees fit.

Reviewer: Suggested change:

```suggestion
2. Copyright Assignment:
The Contributor agrees to assign, transfer, and convey all copyrights in the Contribution to Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA. Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA shall have the exclusive right to modify, distribute, sublicense, and commercialize the Contribution as it sees fit.
```

> 3. Sharing with Preponderous:
> FPA agrees to share an equal portion of the Contribution with Preponderous Software, subject to the terms outlined in a separate agreement between FPA and Preponderous. This sharing is intended to foster collaboration and innovation within the open-source community.

Reviewer: Suggested change:

```suggestion
3. Sharing with the FPA:
Daniel McCoy Stephneson agrees to share an equal portion of the Contribution with the FPA, subject to the terms outlined in a separate agreement between Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA. This sharing is intended to foster collaboration and innovation within the open-source community.
```

4. Representations and Warranties:
The Contributor represents and warrants that they have the legal right to grant the licenses and assignments specified in this CLA and that the Contribution does not violate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

> 5. Indemnification:
> The Contributor agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold FPA and Preponderous harmless from any claims, damages, liabilities, or expenses arising from the Contribution.

Reviewer: Suggested change:

```suggestion
5. Indemnification:
The Contributor agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA harmless from any claims, damages, liabilities, or expenses arising from the Contribution.
```

6. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:

> This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Connecticut, United States. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Connecticut, and the parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.

Reviewer: I want both Colorado Law and Connecticut Law to apply.

7. Entire Agreement:
This CLA constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings.

> 8. Amendments:
> This CLA may be amended only in writing and with the permission of both Preponderous and the FPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Amendments:
This CLA may be amended only in writing and with the permission of both Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA.
```

> 8. Amendments:
> This CLA may be amended only in writing and with the permission of both Preponderous and the FPA.

Reviewer: Suggested change:
```suggestion
8. Amendments:
This CLA may be amended only in writing and with the permission of both Daniel McCoy Stephenson and the FPA.
```
